What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

0.  It is the largest word in the "large dictionary" with 45 characters.
1.  It records the computational time for the functions load(), check(), size(), and unload().
2.  16 (google search for rusage --> http://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Resource-Usage.html --> data type)
3.  It is more efficient to pass through a pointer of a large struct than to enter the contents of the large struct itself.
4.  speller.c utilizes a function called fgetc.
    "fgetc returns the character currently pointed by the internal file position indicator of the specified stream.
    The internal file position indicator is then advanced to the next character.
    If the stream is at the end-of-file when called, the function returns EOF and sets the end-of-file indicator for the stream (feof)."
    [source: http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstdio/fgetc/]

    In pset5, fgetc advanced through fp until EOF is reached.
    Every time a character is advanced, it is checked against several if conditions.
    These conditions are
        1 if the character is an alphabetal character or an apostrophe so long as the apostrophe is not at index 0
          then ensure that index is at shorter than 45 per Q1
        2 if the character is a number, ignore and the next word is considered
        3 else a whole world is found
          word is terminated by adding \0 to the end
          word count is increased by 1
          check(word) is ran to determine if it is misspelled.
5.  fscanf will read all non-whitespace character, except format specifier (%).
    Whitespace characters include spaces, newline and tab characters -- see isspace
    [source: http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstdio/fscanf/]

    Challenge 1)
    Whitespaces in the dictionary is used to identify the end of a word.
    fscanf would cotinue if the format of the dictionary is not changed.

    Challenge 2)
    There are no limit to what the user can input as the text.
    It is possible for that the user inputs such a long text that we run out of memory.

    Challenge 3)
    There are no limit to what the user can input as the text.
    The text can introduce malicious files which can break the program if read as a whole.
6.  These parameters were never meant to be variables.
    The use of const ensures that the initial values are used for comparison and are not modified, essentially a safety measure.
